hi this is Jon and in this clip we'll be
creating a parts list to create my parts
list I'm first going to count up the
number of vertical slats that are going
to be on all the sides I'm going to have
two sides with four and two sides with
three that's going to give me a total of
14 pieces and those pieces are going to
be made out of my treated two by fours
and they're going to be 14 inches long
and that's going to give me all of my
sides now first off when we're
calculating our measurements a two by
four piece of lumber actually measures
one and a half by three and a half so if
I take a look at the top view of my
sides I've laid out all my pieces and
when I do the math on that I have 14
inches by 13 and a half inches which is
almost a square now on top of this i'm
going to be having my pieces that
overhang so i'm going to be using these
measurements that i calculated as a
rough estimate for the amount of
materials that i'm going to need for my
top cap in addition my bottom piece
which is going to fit up inside the
bottom of my plantar needs to be 11 by
10 and a half and i'm going to go ahead
and use those measurements as a rough
estimate for those bottom pieces when
all is said and done my parts are 14 2 x
4 x 14 inch pieces and those will cover
all of my sides I need four pieces that
are roughly 2 x 4 x 16 for my top pieces
and then I need five that are two by
four by about 11 for all of my bottom
pieces and then of course I'm going to
need screws